h1. The IntelliJ Leiningen Plugin - Changes

h2. Version 0.2.3
* Made plugin compatible with IDEA 11.1.
* Leiningen Jar and plugins are now in the classpath for reading project.clj (thanks go to John Chapin)
* Some minor bugfixes

h2. Version 0.2.2
* The changes in this version have been kindly contributed by Vladimir Matveev
** Bugfixes

h2. Version 0.2.1
* The changes in this version have been kindly contributed by Vladimir Matveev
** Made the plugin compatible with IDEA 11

h2. Version 0.2.0
* The changes in this version have been kindly contributed by Vladimir Matveev
** Fixed project.clj file parsing
** Correct compile/sources/resources/test directories recognition from project.clj
** Added notifications on project file parsing errors

h2. Version 0.1.1
* Fixed compatibility issues with IDEA 10.5.

h2. Version 0.1.1
* Fixed compatibility issues with IDEA 10.0.2.

h2. Version 0.1.0
* Fixed compatibility with IDEA 10.

h2. Version 0.0.3
* Added the missing "test" target.

h2. Version 0.0.2
* You can now open Leiningen projects directly (like you can open an IPR file)
* Importing a project will now setup source, test and output path (currently limited to the defaults)
* Project's name and version is extracted from the Leiningen project file
* Added a quickbutton to open settings dialog.
* Added icon for Leiningen projects.
* Run configurations should now run properly.

h2. Version 0.0.1
* Initial release
* Leiningen needs to be installed. You can configure it's location within the plugin.
* You can run leiningen goals in your project.
